= Overview

== About ScrumNinja

ScrumNinja is a scrum management tool that allows you to easily manage plan sprints, manage your backlog, and create tasks and card walls.  The ScrumNinja gem allows you to easily get data out of ScrumNinja and use it in your Ruby applications.

== Usage

First:

<tt>gem install scrumninja</tt>

Then:

<tt>my_projects = ScrumNinja.projects(my_api_key)</tt>

You can generate your API key at scrumninja.com under your account settings. Return values are Hashies, and properties within the standard API XML can be accessed as follows:

<tt>my_projects[0].name</tt>

Other methods supported are:

<tt>my_stories = ScrumNinja.project_stories(my_api_key,project_id) # returns stories in the given project's current sprint.</tt>

<tt>sprints = ScrumNinja.project_backlog(my_api_key,project_id) # returns sprints (and related stories) in the given project's backlog.</tt>

<tt>tasks = ScrumNinja.project_card_wall(my_api_key,project_id) # returns the card wall for the current sprint, represented as tasks.</tt>

<tt>tasks = ScrumNinja.story_tasks(my_api_key,story_id) # returns the tasks for the specified story.</tt>

== Compatibility

ScrumNinja is developed against 1.9.2.

= License

Copyright (c) 2011 Javier Muniz

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

You will notify the author and give permission to have your software
listed on this and other websites of the author as using the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

= Credits

Javier Muniz
